docs: add info `~/server/utils` directory in `~/utils` page (#19500)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/2.directory-structure/1.utils.md

The way `utils/` auto-imports work and are scanned is identical to [the composables/ directory](/docs/guide/directory-structure/composables). You can see examples and more information about how they work in that section of the docs.
::

::alert{type=info}

> In the [server directory](/docs/guide/directory-structure/server), we auto import exported functions and variables from `server/utils/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These utils are only available within the Vue part of your app. Within the [server directory](/docs/guide/directory-structure/server#server-utilities), we auto import exported functions and variables from `~/server/utils` instead.
```
